okay today I'm going to do some work
with the vogner 100 fees clean channel
just for reference I'm running this app
at half power pulled one of the fuses
out that only utilizes two tubes and of
course I adjusted my own dialing Li and
also I'm running since we're doing the
clean channel and my mission is to to
display how great it sounds when it
breaks up it's gonna be loud as all hell
so I need to use my amazing felstein
phantom if you're not familiar with the
steam fans and this is the gold standard
of attenuation it is one killer unit and
pretty damn sexy to find they throw that
in anyway I'll be using the the clean
channel with a game quaint bass crank
mid crank trouble noon and the volume at
one o'clock which is super loud even
with the master only at 9:00 but that'll
give it break up you know some people
say this channel whether this yeah this
channel of this amp does it break up and
that's just not true at all
so I'll do the natural breakup and then
I'll back the volume down a little bit
and I'll incorporate both the analog man
ts808 vintage modded tube screamer and
I'll also use my beloved Landgraf low D
and I'm using the mo te in the the up
position or the Marshall position and
the controls are set as shown here and
on the tube screamer the set is shown
here and that's pretty much it I'll also
be running my per meter reverb for a
little on being reverb Killick note over
I will be using the bay 258 hanging out
on the edge of the cone I got my Cascade
Fathead on the bottom
roughly about I know 810 inches away and
just cuz people ask you
runs into this little task in the unit
this is not mine and then that of course
runs over to my MacBook Pro and I'll be
using my fat fingered strat with the
Kingman pickups and again because people
ask this is a one of those Woodstock
replica pickup it straps Jim on eBay I
think their stores called hippie strap
but if you buy it be prepared it's going
to come smelling like cigarette smoke
like you wouldn't believe
so you're gonna have to air it out a few
days if you don't smoke
you